Content and structure review for layouts tutorial (#248)
patternfly/training-scenarios: html-css/layouts/step2-instructions.md

> The level layout is designed to distribute space between children evenly and center them on the x-axis. By default the children are placed horizontally and wrap responsively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The level layout distributes space between children evenly and center them on the x-axis. By default, the children are placed horizontally and wrap responsively.
```
